docs: Explain the transitive dependency case for no-extraneous-* (#347)
eslint-community/eslint-plugin-n: docs/rules/no-extraneous-import.md

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->

> If an `import` declaration's source is extraneous (it's not written in `package.json`), the program works in local, but may not work after dependencies are re-installed. It will cause troubles to your team/contributors. If a declaration source is extraneous yet consistently works for you and your team, it may be a transitive dependency (a dependency of a dependency). Transitive dependencies should still be saved as an explicit dependency in `package.json` to avoid the risk of a dependency changing and removing the dependency of a dependency this `import` is relying on.

Reviewer: **suggestion(non-blocking)**: I have a few little phrasing tweaks:
```suggestion
If an `import` declaration's source is extraneous (it's not listed in your `package.json`), the program may work locally but can break after dependencies are re-installed. This can cause issues for your team/contributors. If a declaration source is extraneous yet consistently works for you and your team, it might be a transitive dependency (a dependency of another dependency). Transitive dependencies should still be added as an explicit dependency in your `package.json` to avoid the risk of a dependency potentially changing or removing the transitive dependency.
```

> If an `import` declaration's source is extraneous (it's not written in `package.json`), the program works in local, but may not work after dependencies are re-installed. It will cause troubles to your team/contributors. If a declaration source is extraneous yet consistently works for you and your team, it may be a transitive dependency (a dependency of a dependency). Transitive dependencies should still be saved as an explicit dependency in `package.json` to avoid the risk of a dependency changing and removing the dependency of a dependency this `import` is relying on.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: It would also would be worth adding a little bit about how a transitive dependency may be from a dev dependency

> Additionally, the transitive dependency could be a dev dependency, meaning your code could work in development but not in production!
